Be Ready for an End ?
Well, just a moment, my friend...
Your hair is
well dressed.
I told him to go to the town and have fun.
He said that it was a big loss for him to go to a big place.
I said, I've never been to a big place.
He said, you were taken to a statue.
I said, I'm not taken to a stupid thing.
I'm not taking to a rich house.
I was late to go to the town because of the fight.
See how hard Quiz subscribe moves Korean questionnaire.
He won't come, he won't go.
When I went to the village because I had nowhere to go.
I didn't go after him.
I sent it with a document of the place where the second of my college in Japan would be held.
Ultrasound burger that Dale H ruin the hardtack down childhoodfor",
I was told to come at noon.
I was told by this man, Take, to come in.
He said, what's up?
I said, I'm hungry.
He said, is this good?
What are you talking about?
If you're a man, don't talk like a man.
Why are you talking like a man?
A man is a man.
Don't talk like a man.
I don't understand.
He's a man.
He's a fool.
A man is a man.
You don't know.
What are you talking about?
You're a fool.
I don't understand.
What's wrong with you?
You're a fool.
I was told to come at noon.
I was told by this man.
You're a fool.
Go away.
I was told by this man.
It's cold.
I don't understand.
What are you talking about?
I was told by this man.
You're a fool.